---
layout: single
title:  "Weekly reflection"
---
week1
---
On Thursday the topic was Introduction to library and supporting services. This day was my first day on campus because I was sick on the first class. Therefore, I had trouble finding our class and I was bit late to class however one of my classmates told me the parts that I missed so I didn’t had that much problem following this course. During the class professor gave us some link and told us to join the game. The game was about basic knowledge of our campus and works. The professor told us she will give gift to the first place I wasn’t the first place nevertheless, I had fun playing the game. From few weeks ago I started to work out to improve myself however, my weight was stable, and I didn’t have that much energy. So, I was curious what was happening in my body. From then I started to doing research about the warning and something to beware of while working out and the reason was about the meal. Even before I started working out, I ate a lot less than people who are similar to my weight for that reason I thought if I start to work out, I would lose lot of weight. However, the biggest problem was nutrients I found out carbs, protein and fat matter a lot to our body than my thought. Protein helps to grow muscle and increase metabolism and makes more testosterone to build my body faster. Carbohydrate helps making energy to my body but if I eat to much body will turns it to fat and preserve. After this research I started proper meal that contains lot of nutrients and for my body weight I must consume 170grams of protein but having 170g protein just by meal is hard thus I bought protein shake to get nutrients I need. From that I started to lose more weight and my body started to look different. When I did research, I found interesting article that exercise improve memorize because our brain uses about quarter of our body’s energy therefore it naturally link to working out. For my experience I felt my memorize increased a bit than before and I personally think if I keep the track I will be physically and intellectually better.

week2
---
This week I join the Korean league of legends community for the first time. I was really into this game however, I didn’t had that much friend to play. At the community I met a new friend who is currently attending in RMIT. We were talking about our major and he told me he used to major engineering in USA, therefore he taught me some basics of coding and he also gave me some tips in school such as, giving specific references and Korean website that I can find thesis for my assignment or research and it called DBpia. Before I never learned about coding or software but with his help I was able to make my github blog and improve my learning skills in this course. The next day I met him I had class so I had to go to Saigon south campus so my friend guide me a tour in campus we went to cafeteria , library and some place where I can fully concentrate on work. On Thursday class, we learned engagement and effective oral communication. In this topic other professor came to our class to teach us and I remember he was really passionate in teaching. The topic was about the report to presentation from the slide we were thought about the progress of the report to presentation. The one thing I remember clearly was the consider the audience and improving our slides. Before when I made power point I just tried hard to make my slide long. However, I learned I have to consider the audience and some tips to make ppt better such as making it concise and minimizing the bullet point. When I was in high school teacher gave us home work to do research and to present in front of class and that work I only cared about the length of my slides and it was pretty long nevertheless, my friend got lot higher score even with a smaller amount. After learning this course I knew it wasn’t about the length is more with the key points and interest to audience. By the end of the class we learned graph and process description. This was bit more easy for me because I learned some words for graph and whats the key point because I learned it when I was learning ielts. This topic was also helpful for m

week3
---
On Tuesday in week3 I learned interest topic about doing a research I learned doing research before in previous unistart course, however in this course I felt like it was more like learning more skilled research than before. Me and classmates learned specific processes about research and examples about research related with technologies. One thing I remember clearly was the video about the ethics in doing the research and it was about the nazi during the world war 2 they did research that people are responsive to authority model and enable to separate their own responsibility to their action. The video was very interesting that the pressure makes them lose more responsibility. After this video we learned about planning the research. During the class professor asked us the recent experience of research and I thought of searching for crypto currency. I was curious how this currency works and made so I searched it on google how it works and I saw some youtube video but it was so confusing so I couldn’t understand. However, from now on I will be able to find more knowledges by using the skills and following the method I learned in class. Thursday class was about team work. All the class mates are Vietnamese and they were in same previous course so they knew each other but I was from another course therefore I wasn’t friends with anyone in class. Learning this topic made me having new friends. This topic we also thought about the next group assignment so we had to choose the topic and the other classmates came up with brilliant ideas that I wanted to do. From that point friends ask me for facebook friend request and we made group chat. I was so happy that day because it helped me a lot to make a new friends. Me and my classmates discussed which topic we are going to do and we came up with two topic one mechanical ”classical” weapons and metaverse. These two topic are so interesting and I had wo choose one and I felt more doing a research of weapons because the weapon topic is one of favorite topics to mans so I would be more in to this topic

week4
---
On Tuesday this week we were taught about the human information specification. This lesson telling us about how our memory works, how we visualize and imagine what we are watching. In the beginning of the class professor gave us three 6digit numbers and 15mins minutes later he told us to tell him the numbers he showed few minutes ago however no one in class was able to tell the class. After few sessions he showed us again the other numbers and like 2 mins minutes after we were able to get some but most of them were wrong. This kind of memory is short term memory and the decay of short term memory shows 80percent in 3mins to 0 percent in 18mins. This could be differed by person but it’s usually similar. After the STM professor taught us about long term memory. The second part of the class was about how we visualize what we are watching. Professor got us some illusion picture and explained what we are looking at. He showed us videos about illusion and talking about what we are looking is just a information from eye and it transmit to brain and we imagine what’s going on in real world. After we saw a video he also, got some black and white drawing that seems like a dalmatian sniffing on the road however this drawing wasn’t finished our brain is just constructing from the drawing. This lecture was talking about that most of what we know in this world is mostly guess work and when we see interactive system such as machine and software, what we are doing is creating a model of sort of reality. After listening to this topic first thing, I thought of was VR and movie matrix. I was bit excited and scared because from this lesson I thought the real virtual reality such as going inside of game and play like its real life. Meanwhile that means the movie matrix can be real such as we link the data of another world directly to brain and person will probably think its real world and that mean what we are doing and felt looking might be untruth. From this lesson I felt like I improved intellectually because I could think of this profound things in world.
