---
layout: post
title:  "Action plan!"
---

 During this course I felt that I had no knowledge of science, even the topic 10 the information technology came very difficult to me. Therefore, I realized that I should do more things to improve in science and technology. However, I usually cannot focus on that I am not really interested in, so I think I should be more motivated in this course by linking with something that I am interested in. I usually play game in my free time. For this reason, I felt like I want to make my own game. Even though building a new game with no knowledge is a challenge but I will try to build a game with skills that I learned from this course such as analytic thinking, doing research, and teamwork.

My first plan of making new game is to learn basics of coding and game engine. I am going to watch one video about coding self-taught from youtuber JoCoding every day before I go to sleep and also I have to order a coding learning book from Korea because it is hard to get Korean book in Vietnam. For this plan I will try harder not only to make games but also to make them in campus life and society in the future.

My second plan is to make a study group with my friends to learn Java or Python. This group will be organized with friends in RMIT who want to learn about coding even if they don’t major science and technology. I am going to make plan of 3 month of study and one or twice a week. This study groups goal is to improve everyone’s knowledge of coding and be able to use it fluently. This study group will probably help us to be better at teamwork and get to know each other.

My last plan is to start designing the game after learning coding. Making a new game requires the backstory of game and which plat form I am going to be working on. From this plan there probably be some friends from study group who want to make games with me. Therefore, we are going to be discussing how the game going to be, designs in game and which platform we going to be PC or phone. And my final goal is to make game until the end of this year.
